Deem "`equals(Object o)`" in a record class to always have a nullable parameter type. (#645)
jspecify/jspecify: docs/docs/spec.md

    > See ["Augmented null types."](#null-types)

> ## Expected annotations on record `equals` methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Expected annotations on record classes' `equals` methods
```

> Because of the special case [above](#augmented-type-of-usage) that makes

> > record `equals` parameters always nullable, we include this rule so that tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> record classes' `equals` method parameter always nullable, we include this rule so that tools
```

    > See ["Augmented null types."](#null-types)

> ## Harmonizing annotations on special type usages {#harmoize-annotations}

Reviewer: I'm expecting The Beach Boys to jump in here. (_Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-Barbara Annotation!_)

If this bit is really speciifc to `equals(Object)`'s parameter in record classes, then lets name this section more specifically: no harmonization, just "Record class `equals` parameter" or something.

On the other hand, we could make at least this bit a little more general, saying that in any case where an explicit type usage in code is nullable regardless of annotation, then it can't have `@NonNull` and it must have `@Nullable` in null-marked code or in all-worlds checkers. Then, non-normatively, we could point out that the only such case is the special one for record class `equals` parameters.

Author: I had hoped to find a title to distinguish this section from the _other_ discussion of record `equals` methods above. But then I had gotten worried that I'd end up using terminology that suggests that we're mandating user-facing tool behavior :) I ended up here, with a title that attempts to suggest that it's a piece of a larger puzzle.

But in the end, I also had to settle on some phrasing for the bullet points under this section, and I decided I could live with "expected." That's a little more generic than I'd aim for in a section title, since people could consider various annotations to be "unexpected" or "unexpected" in various cases. But I think it's fine, especially with an explicit mention of record `equals` methods (and a link back to the _other_ section about record `equals` methods to emphasize that it's not the whole story).

So:

#### Expected annotations on record `equals` methods

> > Because of a special case [above](#augmented-type-of-usage) that makes record
> > `equals` parameters nullable, there is a mismatch between what `public boolean
> > equals(Object o)` means in a record class and what it would otherwise mean. To
> > harmonize this, we anticipate that tools will sometimes still produce errors
> > unless authors include the usual `@Nullable` annotation on the parameter.

Reviewer: Maybe there's a clearer thing to say than "there is a mismatch between what X means in a record class and what it would otherwise mean."

What about something like this:

```suggestion
> Because of the special case [above](#augmented-type-of-usage) that makes record
> `equals` parameters always nullable, we include this rule so that tools can produce
> expected errors in some cases when the parameter is not annotated with `@Nullable`.
```
